Edit git providers docs for Marketplace (#418)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/development_suite/set-up-infrastructure/configure-provider.mdx

Mia-Platform Console allows authorized users to manage providers. 

More specifically, authorized users can:

* Add a new connection to a provider;
* Edit the connection to a provider;
* Set a default provider for a Company.

Moreover, only for Git Providers, authorized users can:

> * Choose the Git Provider usage destination between "Project" and "Marketplace".  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Choose the Git Provider usage functionality between "Project" and "Marketplace".  
```

![Providers overview](img/providers-overview.png)

## Connect a Provider

> You can connect a provider by clicking on the "**Add Provider connection**" or "**Add Marketplace Provider connection**" button, located in the page's top right corner. 
> 
> ![Add provider button](img/add-provider-connection-choice.png)
> 
> :::info
> For mor specific details on how to connect a Provider for Marketplace, please refer to the [dedicated paragraph](#connect-a-provider-for-marketplace) later on this page.
> :::
> 
> After clicking on it a modal will show up, and, through a few steps, you will be asked to enter some information related to the provider.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can connect a Provider by clicking on the "**Add Provider connection**" or "**Add Marketplace Provider connection**" button, located in the page's top right corner. 

![Add provider button](img/add-provider-connection-choice.png)

:::info
For mor specific details on how to connect a Provider for Marketplace, please refer to the [dedicated paragraph](#connect-a-provider-for-marketplace) later on this page.
:::

After clicking on it a modal will show up, and, through a few steps, you will be asked to enter some information related to the Provider.

```

![Add provider 1a](img/add-provider-1a.png)
![Add provider 1b](img/add-provider-1b.png)

In this step, you are required to choose the specific provider you want to use among the ones supported by the Console and, for the chosen provider, the capabilities you want to use it for ("Git Provider", "Secret Manager", "CI/CD Tool").  

If you select a "Git Provider", you can also select its purpose of use, by choosing between "Project" (by default) or "Marketplace" functionalities.  

> If you preserve the default choice of "Project" functionality, the Git Provider will be specifically used for your Projects workspaces. By selecting "Marketplace", instead, you will be able to make any resources related to that Git Provider available to other Companies as well.  

Reviewer: here we will insert a link to the documentation page in which we will describe how to connect a Marketplace resource to a Git Provider for Marketplace and make it available to other Companies.

* **Base URL** (*required*): the reference endpoint URL for the provider;
* **Description**: a brief description of the provider.

#### Provider Details of a Provider for Marketplace

> If you are creating a new Provider for Marketplace, you will also see an additional toggle, which allows you to manage the accessibility to the Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are connecting a new Provider for Marketplace, you will also see an additional toggle, which allows you to manage the accessibility to the Provider.
```

> #### Edit a Git Provider for Marketplace accessibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Edit a Provider for Marketplace accessibility
```

> If you have a Git Provider with the "Marketplace" functionality selected, you are going to make available to the other Companies all the resources connected to that specific Git Provider.  
> This action is reversible: you can manage the accessibility to that Git Provider at any time, by simply switching off the accessibility toggle. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have selected a Provider for Marketplace, you are going to make available to the other Companies all the resources connected to that specific Git Provider.  
This action is reversible: you can manage the accessibility to that Provider at any time, by simply switching off the accessibility toggle. 
```

To do this, you need to modify the `deploy` object within the referenced environment in the `Environments` object
(from the CMS: `Environments` > *environment object* > `deploy`). The fields to be edited are the same as described above.

## Connect a Provider for Marketplace

When adding a new Provider connection, you can choose to define it as a "**Marketplace**" Provider.
Doing so, you will be able to decide to make available to other Companies any resource connected to that specific Provider.

![Provider overview Marketplace](img/providers-overview-marketplace.png)

> The process of creating a Provider for Marketplace is the same as the one described in the [Connect a Provider](#connect-a-provider) section, with only small differences in the first step and second step of the process.
> Let's have a look at them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process of connecting a Provider for Marketplace is the same as the one described in the [Connect a Provider](#connect-a-provider) section, with only small differences in the first and second steps.
Here below you can find the whole process described.
```

### Step 1: Provider Services

> First step is the same as the one described in the [Connect a Provider](#step-1-provider-services) section with only one difference:
> you will be able to select only Providers that allows the "Marketplace" functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First step is the same as the one described in the [Connect a Provider](#step-1-provider-services) section with only one difference:
you will be able to select only among Providers that allow to be used with the purpose of Marketplace connection.
```

![Add Provider Connection For Marketplace](img/add-provider-1-marketplace.png)

:::info

> Only Providers with Git-Provider capability allow the "Marketplace" functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only Providers with Git-Provider capability allow the Marketplace Provider connection.
```

:::

### Step 2: Provider Details

Step 2 is the same as the one described in the [Connect a Provider](#step-2-provider-details) section with a **very important difference**:  

A toggle "**Allow access to all the Companies**" will be displayed in the Provider Details page, allowing you to manage the accessibility to the Provider.

> Enabling or Disabling this toggle you will be able to manage the accessibility to the Provider. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By enabling or disabling this toggle you will be able to manage the accessibility to the Provider. 
```

## Connect a Provider for Marketplace

When adding a new Provider connection, you can choose to define it as a "**Marketplace**" Provider.  

> Doing so, you will be able to decide to make available to other Companies any resource connected to that specific **Provider**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By doing so, you can decide to make any resources related to that specific **Provider** available to other Companies.  
```

For more information about how to share a Marketplace Resource, please refer to the [dedicated documentation page](/docs/marketplace/add_to_marketplace/marketplace_items_accessibility).

:::note

> Marketplace related Providers are distinguished by the label "**for Marketplace**".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marketplace related Providers are distinguished by the label "**for Marketplace**" in the Capabilities column.
```

:::

![Provider overview Marketplace](img/providers-overview-marketplace.png)

The process of connecting a Provider for Marketplace is the same as the one described in the [Connect a Provider](#connect-a-provider) section, with only small differences in the first and second steps.

> Here below you can find the whole process described. TODO: check this

Reviewer: Remember to change this
